README.md, before:

# MaskStrainRelievers
Here is theantidoteftc's design for a Mask Strain Reliever to be worn in the back of the head while utilizing surgical masks or any other face covering that typically catches behind the ear.  The strain reliever redirects the strain on the back of the ear to behind the head, allowing for increase comfort while healthcare workers work for prolonged periods of time.  We are planning on submitting for NIH review.  Let me know if you have any suggestions or comments!

Rafts:
No

Supports:
No

Walls:
4

Resolution:
0.3mm Layer Height

Infill:
Doesn't Matter

Filament_brand:
Hatchbox (Anything really)

Filament_material:
PLA or PETG

## Changelog
##### Version 9 (04/12/2020)

Based on local feedback, the thickness of the model has increased by 0.3mm (equal to one layer). Due to the variability in printers and filament flexibilities, there is now a Thicker and Thinner option for you to pick and choose what works best for you. The Thinner option consists of 4 layers for the entire model. The Thicker option consists of 4 layers for the base, and an additional layer on the prongs to increase rigidity. I recommend printing both files and testing the flexibility of both before choosing a certain file. STLs are included as usual, and 3MFs designed specifically for the Ender 3 are now included, making stuff easier on the manufacturing side. Happy printing!

##### Version 7 (04/10/2020)

Prongs are now more rounded at the end and fillets have a greater radius to decrease the chance of the prongs catching in hair.

Commit message:

10 MSR for Ender 3 Pro Released

README.md, after:

# MaskStrainRelievers
Here is theantidoteftc's design for a Mask Strain Reliever to be worn in the back of the head while utilizing surgical masks or any other face covering that typically catches behind the ear.  The strain reliever redirects the strain on the back of the ear to behind the head, allowing for increase comfort while healthcare workers work for prolonged periods of time.  We are planning on submitting for NIH review.  Let me know if you have any suggestions or comments!

Rafts:
No

Supports:
No

Walls:
4

Resolution:
0.3mm Layer Height

Infill:
Doesn't Matter

Filament_brand:
Hatchbox (Anything really)

Filament_material:
PLA or PETG

## Changelog
##### Update to 3MF (05/03/2020)
'Mask Strain Reliever V9 (Thicker) 10x.3MF' is a 3MF File with 10 MSRs fitted on a glass Ender 3 Pro bed. This will likely work on stock Ender 3s as well.

##### Version 9 (04/12/2020)

Based on local feedback, the thickness of the model has increased by 0.3mm (equal to one layer). Due to the variability in printers and filament flexibilities, there is now a Thicker and Thinner option for you to pick and choose what works best for you. The Thinner option consists of 4 layers for the entire model. The Thicker option consists of 4 layers for the base, and an additional layer on the prongs to increase rigidity. I recommend printing both files and testing the flexibility of both before choosing a certain file. STLs are included as usual, and 3MFs designed specifically for the Ender 3 are now included, making stuff easier on the manufacturing side. Happy printing!

##### Version 7 (04/10/2020)

Prongs are now more rounded at the end and fillets have a greater radius to decrease the chance of the prongs catching in hair.
